# Hi there!

My blog have been moved to GitHub.

I used to host a blog in wordpress, but somehow it is filled with some something that I would never want to present any more and there are not much useful information. So I decided to abandon it and now move to this new place. 

## Something to say at the beginning of 2021

It's a new year but the world is still in chaos. Even in China, the pandemic COVID19 seemed to disappear but recently it just came back in a sudden. As an individual, there are not many options. I bought enough potatoes, noodles, candles, lighters, batteries and bottled waters. If there's something else, I have started to keep a daily exercise. That did make me more energetic just after a wek. I am determined to maintain this in the following days. 

The pandemic is horrible but the most horrible thing is our human itself. During the pandemic, there went enormous bad news that we have thought to be impossible in a year like 2020. But though the technologies seemed to have developed dramatically, the human being itself remains unchanged. Even worse, some ultilized these and worsen the society. I am somehow pessimistic about the future of how the so-called advanced technologies will impact the society. 

However, nobody would stop this, I just expect some good news and wish 2021 would be somehow better than 2020. 

## My personal plan for 2021

The most important thing for me in this year would be health. As I said before, I would exercise every day. 

I have not planed what programing skill to learn, because this would be very clear once I start my working in Alibaba Cloud. Apart from this, in the past few years, I didn't read much news of this industry so now I don't have a big picture of what's really going on. During the interview for Alibaba Cloud, I was asked about this and that might be the worst moment in that interview. So I would set up a routine to read [lwn.net](lwn.net). 

The third thing is music. This is not a plan but just a wish. I wish I would never miss a concert by the Hangzhou Philarmonic Orchestra. Their performance is astonishing. 
